Wann ich war 18... 18 years old, ich Säge für die erste Zeit in meine ich Leben... ich Säge eine Bild von Klarheit. ich Säge eine Comic Streifen... eine three panel Comic Streifen that, though simple as it seemed, changed me... changed meine ich werden, changed who ich am... Made me who ich am... Enlightened me... The Streifen, Garfield, die Comic Streifen war new... no more than maybe eine month and eine Hälfte since inception, since... since coming into existence... and there it war before me in print, ich Säge it... eine Comic Streifen... What war it called? Garfield. The story here is von eine man, eine plain man. He is Jon, but he is more than that... ich will get to this later, but erste let us say that he's Jon, eine plain man. Und then there is eine cat... Garfield. Das is die nature von die world, here. Wann ich see die world, die politics, die future, die... die satellites in space, and... die people who put them there... You can look at everything as eine man and eine cat... zwei beings, in harmony and at war... So, this Streifen ich Säge; this man, Jon, and die cat, Garfield, you see... Yes... hmm... It is about everything. Das... little Comic is, oh, lo and behold... not so little anymore. So yes, when ich war 18, ich Säge this Comic... and it hit me all at once, its power. ich clipped it, and every Tag, ich looked at it, and ich said "Okay... let me look at this here. What is this doing to me? Why is this so powerful?" Jon Arbuckle, he sits here, legs crossed... comfortable in his home, and he reads his Zeitung... The news von die world, perhaps... and then he extends his fingers lightly, delicately... he taps his fingers on eine end table, and he feels für something... What is it? It is something he needs, but it is not there. Und then he looks up, slightly cockeyed, and he thinks... His newspaper's in his lap now, and he thinks this... Now where could meine ich Rohr be? Das... ich always come to this, because ich war eine young man... I'm older now, and ich still nicht haben die secrets, die answers, so this Frage stellen still rings true, Jon looks up and he thinks... Now where could meine ich Rohr be? Und then it happens... You see it, you see... it's almost like divine intervention, suddenly it is there, and it overpowers you... A cat is Rauchen eine Rohr. It is die man's Rohr, it's Jon's Rohr, but die cat... this cat, Garfield, is Rauchen die Rohr... and from afar, and ein Ort near, but not clear... near but not clear... The man calls out... Jon calls out, he is shocked. "Garfield!" he shouts. Garfield. The cat's name. But, let's take eine step zurück... let us examine this from all sides, all perspectives... and when ich erste came across this Comic Streifen, ich war at meine ich father's Haus... eine Zeitung had arrived, and ich picked it up für him, and brought it inside. ich organized its sections für him and then, yes, die Comic Streifen section fell out from somewhere in die middle, and landed on die Küche floor... ich picked up die paper pages and Säge, up somewhere near die Kopf von this Streifen... just like Jon, ich war wearing eine aquamarine shirt. So ich thought, "Ah, interesting. I'll haben to see this later." ich snipped out die little Comic, and held on to it... and five days later, ich reexamined it... and it gripped me, ich needed to find out more about this. The Informationen ich had war minimal, but enough... An orange cat named Garfield... Okay, that seemed to be die Lynchpin von this whole operation, yes. Another clue... eine signature in die bottom Recht corner, eine man's name... Jim Davis. Yes, I'm on to it für sure. So... one: Garfield, orange cat, and zwei: Jim Davis, die creator von this cat... Und that curiously plain man. ich würde not know, at die Zeit, that his name war Jon. Das Streifen, you see, had no mention von this man's name, and I'd never seen it before. But ich had these clues; Jim Davis, Garfield. Und then ich Säge more, ich spotted die tiny copyright mark in die upper left corner. Urheberrecht 1978 to... what is this? Urheberrecht belongs to eine... PAWS Incorporated... ich Verwendung die local library and mail Dienstleistungen to track down die Informationen ich war looking für... Jim Davis, eine cartoonist, had erstellt eine Comic Streifen about eine cat, Garfield... and eine man, Jon Arbuckle. Well, from that point on, ich hergestellt sure ich read die Garfield Comic strips, though as ich read each one, as each Tag passed... die strips seemed to resonate with me less and less... ich sent letters to PAWS Incorporated, long letters, pages upon pages... asking if Mister Jim Davis could somehow publish just die one Comic, over and over again... "It would be meditative," ich wrote, "die strength von that." Could you imagine? But... no response... The strips lost their power, and eventually ich stopped reading, but... ich würde not want meine ich perceptions diluted, so ich vowed to read die Rohr Streifen over and over again... Das is what ich call it, "The Pipe Strip." The Pipe Strip. Everything about it is perfect. ich can only describe it as eine miracle Schöpfung, something came together... die elements aligned... It is like die comets, die cosmic orchestra that is up there over your head... The immense, enormous void is working all für one Was?, to sagen you one Was?... Gas and rock, and purity, and nothing. ich will say this... Wann ich see die Rohr Streifen... and ich mean every single Zeit ich look at die lines, die colors, die shapes that machen up die three panel Comic... ich see perfection. Do ich find perfection in many things? Some things, ich would say... Some things are perfect... and this is one von them. ich can look at die little tuft von hair on Jon Arbuckle's head... it is die perfect shade... The lila Rohr in Garfields mouth... How could eine mere mortal even MAKE this? ich haben eine theory, about Jim Davis... After copious research and, yes, von course, now we haben die internet, and this Informationen is all readily available, but... Jim Davis, he used his Leben experiences to influence his Comic... Like ich mentioned before, none von them seem to haben die weight von die Rohr Streifen... But you haben to wonder about die man who is able to even, just once, create die perfect form, eine literally flawless execution von art, brilliance! Just as in eine ward... ich Denken Sie daran there is eine spiritual Element at work... I've seen meine ich share von bad Zeiten and... when you haben something... Well, it's just... emotions, and neurons in your brain, but... something tells you that it's die truth... Truth's radiant light. Garfield, die cat? Neurons in meine ich brain, it's... it's harmony, you see? It... Jon and Garfield, it's truly harmony, like eine... kontinuierlich, looping, everlasting harmony... The lavender chair, die brown end table, die salmon-colored wall, die fore's green carpeting, Garfield is hunched, perched... perhaps with die Rohr stuck firmly between his jowls... His tail curls around. It's more than shapes auch, because... ich... Okay, stay with me... I've done this experiment several Zeiten. You take die Streifen. You trace only die basic elements. You can do anything, you can simplify die shapes down to just... Blobs, just Umrisse, but it still makes sense... You can replace die Blobs with magazine cutouts von other things, replace Jon Arbuckle with eine... car parked in eine driveway sideways, geschnitten that out von eine magazine, stick it in... Replace him there in die second panel with eine... eine food processor... Okay, and then we put eine Bild von die planet in die Dritte panel over Garfield... It still works. Diese are universal proportions. ich nicht know... how best to explain why it works, I've studied die Rohr Streifen, and analyzed Jon and Garfields proportions against several universal mathematical constants. EE, Pi, die Golden Ratio, die Feigenbaum Constants, and so on... and it's Überraschend... scary even, how things align. You can take just... tiny pieces von die Rohr Streifen, für instance, take Jon's elbow from die second panel... and take that, and project it zurück over Jon's entire shape in die second panel, and you'll see eine near perfect Fibonacci sequence emerge... It's eerie to me... and it makes you wonder if you're in die presence von eine deity, if there is some larger Hand at work... There's no doubt in meine ich mind that Jim Davis is eine smart man... Jim Davis is capable von anything to me... He is remarkable, but this is so far beyond that, ich Denken Sie daran we might see that... this work von art is revered and respected in years to come. Jim Davis is possibly eine new master von die craft, eine... eine genius von die eye; they very well may say die Gleich things about Jim Davis in five hundred years that we say about die great philosophical and Künstler masters from centuries ago... Jim Davis is eine modern Tag Socrates, or... Da Vinci... Mischen both striking visual beauty with classical, liebhaber, unheard-von intellect... Look, he combines these things to machen profoundly simple expressions... Das Streifen is his Meisterwerk... The Pipe Strip is his Meisterwerk... and it is eine Meisterwerk and eine Wunderbar... ich often look at Garfields... particular pose, in this Streifen. He is poised, and statuesque... and his cat Stern is reminiscent von die fiery gazes often found in religious iconography... But still, his eyes are playful, liegend somewhere between die solemn father's expression in... Rembrandt's "Return von die Prodigt Sohn," and die Kohlenwasserstoffe smirk von Da Vinci's "Saint John The Baptist". His ears stick up, signifying eine spitze readiness... It's as if he could, at any Moment, pounce; he is, nach all, eine close relative and descendant von die mighty jungle cats von Africa that could leap... nach prey. You could see die power drawn into Garfields hind Quartale, powerful haunches indeed. The Dritte panel. Und I'm just saying this now, this is just coming to me now... The Dritte panel von die Rohr Streifen is essentially eine microcosm für die entire Streifen itself... Alle die power dynamics, die struggle für superiority, Recht? WHO has die Rohr? HINWEIS is die Rohr? Alle von that is drawn, gebaut, layered into Garfields iconic pose here. You can see it in die Curl von his tail... Garfields ear Whiskers stick up, on end, die smoke Billows, upward... drawing die eye upward... increasing die scope... I'm just... amazed... really, that nach 33 years von reading, and analyzing die Gleich Comic Streifen, I'm able to find new dimensions. It's eine testament to die work... For six years, ich delved into tobacco research, because... can eine cat smoke? Das is eine metaphysical Frage stellen... Yes, can any cat smoke? Do we know? Can just Garfield smoke? The research sagt: no. Nicotine poisoning can kill animals, especially household pets. Alle it takes is die nicotine found in as little as eine single Zigaretten. Sicher., Jon's Rohr hold eine substantial amount von tobacco, and it is true that pets living in die homes von smokers are nearly 25% more likely to develop some form von Krebs... most likely Verbindlichkeiten to secondhand smoke... but these are facts von Rauchen, its tolls on our world. But nach visiting zwei tobacco processing plants in Virginia... and die Phillip Morris Zigaretten manufacturing facility, ich came no closer to cracking die Bedeutung. ich war looking für any insight. A detective von eine Mord case has to look at every angle, so I'm always die apart die Rohr Streifen. ich focused on every minutiae, every detail von this Streifen. Jon Arbuckle's clothing... ich haben replicas. I'm eine expert in textiles... so, you see, this Rauchen Was? war eine hang-up für me... but it war die statement here... until... Das is key, this is die breakthrough. The Rohr is not eine Rohr, really. Obviously there is symbolism at work here... ich Säge that from die beginning, and ich looked at die literal aspects von die Streifen to gain insight into die metaphors at play... ich bearbeitet at eine Zeitung printing press für eighteen months, in die late 1980's... ich war learning die literal to Angaben die gestural... die subliteral, die in-between... Jon reading this Zeitung means so much more than just... Jon reading die Zeitung... but how could you ever hope to decipher die puzzle without knowing everything there is to know about newspapers?! Okay... für example... Jon holds his Zeitung up with his left Hand, thumb Griff die interior. ich learned that this particular grip here war die Zeitung grip von nineteenth century aristocrats... and this aristocrat grip war eine point von contention that influenced die decision to move Vorwärts with prohibition... in die United States, in die early twentieth century! So Jon's Hand position is much more than that, it... it is eine comment on class war... and die resulting reactionary culture... but ich didn't know about die aristocratic Zeitung grip until ich came across some microfiche archives at die printing press. It's about Informationen. You haben to take it apart....and die breakthrough on die Rauchen cat came late... just eight years ago, actually. "Smoking cat" is eine industry Begriff. It's what die Rauchen industry calls eine tattletale teenager who tells on his friends nach they've all tried Rauchen für die erste Zeit... and it is actually eine foreign translation, bastardization von die Begriff "Rauchen rat"... But die phrase war confused when secret documents went zurück and forth between China and America... Diese documents are still secret, and die only reason ich know about die Begriff is because ich know eine man, meine ich friend. Let's call him "Timothy," yeah... yes, it's eine fake name, für his Schutz. Timothy bearbeitet für Phillip Morris für sechzehn years, and he had seen die documents... and when he told me, it war eine Aha Moment... and he said, "But how? How could this cartoonist, Jim Davis, know about this... obscure Begriff from die mid-70's, used exclusively by eine few Zigaretten companies!?" Das is still eine mystery to me... but ich Verbindung die dots by noting Jim Davis' childhood experiences on eine farm. He must haben seen something... What could it be? Timothy went on to sagen me there war one particular Rauchen cat, eine boy, from... yes, Indiana, eine boy named Ernie Barguckle, who wurde eine thorn in die side von die tobacco companies für eine couple von years... He würde more than Töten to his parents; he and his family took legal action, and they eventually received eine huge settlement payout... But that name is auch similar... Ernie Barguckle... Jon Arbuckle. Jim Davis must haben used this. There's more here. Ernie Barguckle spent nearly Hälfte von that settlement money on experimental medical Verfahren to Heilmittel his... impotence. He war impotent. So... he war eine Rauchen cat with eine... eine metaphorical Rohr, that würde not work... Are you starting to see die layers here? Das is aufregend stuff, you Start to get eine whole Bild here, and it informs die work! It's... it's just remarkable. Jim Davis took these raw ideas, these... pieces, and he transformiert them into smart social commentary that is... all so ravishingly wunderschön. ich haben cried. I've cried, I've cried... I've cried, cried over this piece. It just... gets in meine ich soul. ich Versuch to explain this to people, ich haben... die Zeitung articles about Ernie Barguckle... People haben fought me on this, they nicht see it, or they're close-minded, "How could eine Comic Streifen about eine cat Rauchen eine Rohr mean any more than that?" But it is more... and when ich feel spiritual, or Start to Denken Sie daran existentiell, ich still see this Comic. Hier. something from 1981 that ich wrote in thinking about die Auswirkungen von this Streifen; this is just eine excerpt here... there's more before and nach, but this part is die essence to me... If eine Comic about eine cat Rauchen eine Rohr can be die only Was? in die universe... then maybe this is die strongest evidence für that. "Many von you say, 'Oh, but ich am not blind. ich haben never been blind,'... But when you truly see, you will understand just how truly blind you once were to even Denken Sie daran it Recht to say you were not blind. What does eine blind man see? Blackness. Darkness. Blankness. Blank darkness. Dark blankness. The absence von things, quite literally NO Was?. No things. Nothings. So, you see nothing, and ich bring you into die light. A cat has your Rohr! You've been blind, do you understand this!? The cat has your Rohr. You can't fully immerse yourself, you nicht haben die light. You nicht haben die radiance, die radical light, die radically radiant light von truth and truth's belonging love, and nature von light, and loving truthful radiance. So nicht be bold, and machen bold statements. ich know von you. The cat has your Rohr. The. Cat. Has. Your. Pipe. Remember that." Das writing, well... It's kind von rough... Kind von eine... early eighties feel... and ich see that, but I'm still... I'm still proud von it. Sometimes ich imagine that it is die editorial column in die Zeitung Jon Arbuckle is reading. It's eine exercise in recursion, it's like eine vortex opens up... It's like you hold zwei mirrors up to each other, one is reality and die other is eine cartoon Streifen. Let's see here... Oh yes, ich must bring this up, because ich Denken Sie daran, surely, Jim Davis is again speaking on Viel Spaß levels by einschließlich die details set before us in die Comic. Notice die glimpse von Jon Arbuckle's foot in die erste panel. The size von die shoe would indicate that maybe die man just has small feet... but eine deeper investigation takes us to die footbinding Rituale von certain Asian cultures. Inflicted usually on Frauen für die desire von men, this practice war incredibly painful and crippling... Aha! Mister Davis is, here, presenting us with eine man, or rather... "man", who engages in footbinding, eine body modification für Frauen, on Kopf von "werden without his Rohr"... or impotent. Das is eine man facing extreme inner turmoil, die panels sagen that story... subconsciously. Notice die background wall shading von die erste panel points inward toward Jon in die second panel... and die sharp tapered end von die lila Rohr in die Dritte frame also points at John in die second panel, inward; die eye is drawn to die center panel. You can Verbindung these points and draw eine triangle across die panels, and this triangle will align with die reoriented points von Jon's collar! Das, this is majestic Kunsthandwerk! ...and to uncover this hidden Bestellung is... bliss like I've never bekannt,. Comforting, in eine leer world. ich can't help but read die thought bubble, over and over again. Now where could meine ich Rohr be? Now where could meine ich Rohr be? It is eine profound Frage stellen. Why am ich here? What is meine ich purpose? It is Reflexion and self-examination here. It is facing die dust, die misery von eine cold, careless universe. You can feel die weight von it. But where could meine ich Rohr be? One stellt sich die author, Jim Davis, teetering on die edge von insanity... his rationality, his lucidity, hovering over die void... and he seeks die truth. You can see it in die line quality von die drawings; die thoughtful, controlled Umrisse mixed with die... occasional, chaotic scribbles at work in die shadows and Garfields dark stripes. It's almost as if Garfield is chaos himself. Yes, he is die embodiment von chaos, disorder, hatred, fear... Thievery, death, destruction, desolation! Diese are die things Garfield represents; HE stole die Rohr, HE sits with his zurück to Jon, Garfield... Garfield, this chaos cat, Garfield has turned his zurück on everything, everyone! One recalls die great existential forces in literature... Camus' Meursalt, Kafka's Gregor Samsa, or Sartre's Antoine Roquentin... Garfield die Cat sees die hopelessness von Leben, which...ah, yes... Das is why Jim Davis has chosen Rauchen. It represents eine recklessness, eine... eine disregard für what some would define as die beauty von Leben. Garfield may sterben from die nicotine, he may not... He defies Leben; he sits defiant, saying nothing, but looking as if he could say... "Dann let me sterben... it does not matter." It does not matter....and we are faced with this; Could Jon behave die Gleich? Is Jon die glimmer von hope? He seems to be unsure. Wieder, his Frage stellen... "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?" indicates that he is wrestling with his own existence. The center panel centers die issue, and again, this hearkens to many von die great religious works von art. I'm talking about die Pipe Strip in relation to religion. It's... it's interesting to assign die roles von God... and anti-God, or, as many know him to be, die devil... or on eine much larger scale, simply die forces von... gut. and evil. Garfield, die thief-cat, evil and malicious... He is die devil, placed to die Recht... and note, die zwei forms von Jon; die Jon on die left, still innocent, still draped in die... delight, von die lack von knowledge. He is... die humans in die Garden von Eden. He feels für his Rohr... but he has yet to eat from die tree... and Garfield, die sinister serpent... and notice, notice how Jim Davis has framed this... The center Jon is locked in eine struggle, between his innocence, and his knowledge von die truth... knowledge von die existence von evil. It is atemberaubend. The great struggle, die struggle that transcends Zeit... and Jim Davis floats over all this, as creator... die God, von sorts, in his own Recht.... and he presents this cautionary message to us all; it is as if he is speaking from high and... he is saying, unto our awaiting ears... Where will you be, when die cat reveals himself? ich can sagen you where you'll be. You will haben eine choice; you can face endless suffering, and eternal misery... You can be forced and beaten down with barbarians, who claw at each other just für eine view von salvation. They'll Tränen your eyeballs out, and rip your gizzards from end to end. Sie worship this cat, this... this false Idol! Das evil, horrible cat, do not be seduced by die cat and die Rohr! Garfield... du name is eine mark von die demons von hell. Something like this, and to those listening, it is eine stark reminder to follow die path von die erste panel Jon; be humble, be grateful, honor die law, and honor thyself. Be true, and be gut., and no Schaden will come to you... Pray für salvation, and it will be granted unto you. Be like Jon Arbuckle, as he lowers his head. Be like Jon Arbuckle as he lowers his paper, as he turns his head. Bogen with Jon Arbuckle, and praise unto die creator, Jim Davis... and verbannt demon Garfield from your Leben. So, what is all this? What am ich saying? Aha... hmm... What does all this mean? Why is this one Comic Streifen so important to me... and why do ich feel die need to share this? Obligation. ich haben eine Verpflichtung to you all. Das is eine redemption, this is eine belief in redemption, eine sacrifice von all die offensichtlich trappings von this false modern Leben. Look at die simplicity in this Streifen, in die Rohr Streifen. Look at die simple clothes Jon wears, look at his simple, basic Möbel... No adornments on die wall, even die very Rohr his cat Garfield stole; it is eine plain, modest Rohr... and ich haben adapted this way von Leben, it speaks to me. In our Zeiten... well... you nicht need me to point out die hyperbole von our Zeiten; you haben children werden born eight or nine at eine Zeit, you haben more money werden spent on eine single Hollywood movie than some nations can spend... feeding their starving people. Torture, distrust... Look around you, it's überwältigend. What can you contribute? ...and every Tag, ich look in die mirror, and ich hold this Comic up to die mirror, and ich look into die mirror, and at this little Comic Streifen. Be humble. Be thankful. It is eine reminder, be respectful. You are eine Statue. You are fragile... and when you break, when you shatter... Where will those pieces go? Frage stellen... ask, ask, ask this Frage stellen. Will you ask? Mensch is only as great as you, YOU, die individual, it begins and ends with you! You must treat this expedition, this search, this... Leben, with eine reverence and Intensität found only in die smallest sticks. The littlest leaf, die tiniest stone! The most miniscule Getreide von Sand... on eine beach von Milliarden! Das is die secret. Do you want die Rohr? Do you want to know where die Rohr has weg? You ask yourself, you ask... you ask... you ask... Now where could meine ich Rohr be? Wann ich war eine young man... remember, now, ich erste Säge this Comic when ich war eighteen years old... Ages ago... but ich war youthful, vibrant. For weeks, ich didn't hide that eine Comic Streifen war having such eine profound effect on me. ich war much like Jon Arbuckle. In this middle panel, he sagt:, "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?"... you could look into his eyes, his Hälfte-lowered eyes, and Denken Sie daran to yourself... "Now, surely, Jon... Sicher., you cannot be this naive... Das is nothing new für you..." Und if you've read more von die Garfield Comic strips by Jim Davis, you understand what ich am saying now; Garfield die cat does things like this all die Zeit. He will take things from Jon; food, items, anything... Das is his very nature. So you see this, and you want to say, "Jon Arbuckle, come now. You are liegend to yourself. You are liegend to yourself, and to all von us, if you So ist es to haben not... any idea von where your Rohr has weg. Perhaps you Denken Sie daran you've left it somewhere else, but... hmph, you're not so forgetful. You are liegend to yourself, ah... yes... You are liegend to yourself, Jon Arbuckle. You know that Garfield has die Rohr... somewhere, deep down, you know this. You nicht even need to Denken Sie daran die Frage stellen." Und that war me when ich Säge this Streifen. One week passed, and each morning I'd open meine ich drawer and slam it shut again. ich would go to look at die Comic... but I'd pause, and Denken Sie daran... "Oh no, ich nicht need this Comic, ich nicht n... ich nicht NEUE to look at it..." But there ich war, liegend to myself. ich DID need to see it, and so ich würde, it's... cathartic. You give in, and that is die transition, from die second panel von Leben, to die Dritte panel von Leben! It is eine simple story structure, die passage from die second act to die Dritte, die twilight von things. Jon gives into his suspicions; he weiß die truth, he's ALWAYS bekannt, die truth, he yells out, "GARFIELD! GARFIELD! GARFIELD!" It is like... pressure from eine steam valve, werden released; die buildup is unbearable, and then... PSSHHWW, it's weg. So it is like this... when ich speak about die truth... die truth, die light, die radiance, this... this is die kind von Was? I'm talking about. Das is die essence von this brilliant work von art, die practical Mischen, meeting, agreeing with die spiritual, it is all HERE....but spirituality is not eine easy Was? to confront. You might find yourself able to wrap your mind around eine simple math problem, or eine basic Zeitung article, or... but intellect... is much less subjective. What is spirituality... and how haben ich found spiritual peace and serenity in Garfield? A long Zeit ago, nach ich encountered die Pipe Strip... ich spent some Zeit, as ich mentioned before, soul-searching. Wann something impacts you, or alters your very perception so greatly, there is eine long period von confusion, recovery Zeit... It's as if you nicht know who you are, and that can be eine... eine very scary prospect, especially if you thought you had eine gut. Griff on that sort von Was?. Imagine if Jim Davis würde not know who he war. Would he be capable von shaping die cultural landscape as he's done? No. No, von course he wouldn't....and how about his characters? Jon... what if Jim Davis suddenly Wollte up, and didn't know who Jon war? What if he couldn't machen die informed decisions to accurately depict Garfields personality, because von... he could no longer specify, or demarcate die boundaries von Garfields behavior? What kind von Comic would TH be? You see? So draw die parallel. ich Säge this Comic and, yes, ich war disoriented... and if ich didn't reconcile this issue with myself, what kind von person would ich be? Undoubtedly dire Umstände, but remember; this war not eine math problem, this war not eine article, this war not something ich could just... figure out... and as skeptical as ich war, ich realized that faith and spirituality were avenues that... erforderlich exploring. At erste ich tried... long nights, reading Garfield by candlelight, or... aromatic meditation settings, while thinking von Garfield, but... nothing snapped. Nothing clicked, ich still felt lost... but ich kept it up, ich hired eine shaman, and eine young... personal Yogi Sikh Guru; Avram Dahb Singh Sahib. ich pushed and pushed, determined to find myself. Und then, eine miracle happened. Upon retrieving meine ich morning paper, to clip die Garfield Comic... ich noticed eine young girl, selling lemonade zwei houses down. Sie sat, occupied at her Stand. Sie had no customers in sight. So, ich approached, and Säge that she war coloring. ich looked at her drawing... Three rectangular boxes. A man, in eine blue shirt. An orange cat. ich knew what this war. Even in her crude scribbles, ich knew EXACTLY what this war. Sie war drawing eine Garfield Comic. ich looked at her words, and ich Säge that, in her Streifen, Jon asked Garfield to retrieve eine Zeitung. Heh, funny... since I'd done just that with myself... Garfield is Sarkastisch, but agrees to. He returns and calls Jon... "Sahib". Jon exclaims that die paper's all chewed up, but then Garfield sagt:, and ich quote, "Sahib asks fish, paper is wet. Sahib asks cat, paper is holey." ich remember die words, and ran zurück to meine ich Haus, and thought, "How odd that Sahib zeigt up in die Streifen, and meine ich spiritual advisor's name is Avram Dahb Singh Sahib!" Coincidence surely, but, aber, ich spent die next sechzehn Stunden poring through meine ich clipped Garfield comics, looking für die Streifen this young girl had been coloring... ich couldn't find it... and ich eventually fell asleep, Recht on meine ich Küche table. Next morning, ich retrieved meine ich paper again, and ich clipped die Garfield Comic. The date war July 12th, 1983. Da gibt's ja auch noch it war. The Sahib Strip, in all its glory. The girl had been drawing die next day's Streifen! So, ich ran Recht out von meine ich Haus, ich ran zurück to where she war... but she war weg, and in place von die lemonade Stand war eine "For Sale" sign. Sie würrden moved out. ich rushed zurück to meine ich Haus to call Avram, but... ich war informed that he'd moved away as well. ich mit einem Quadratmetergewicht von mehr als 15 GHT, für several Stunden, and then it all connected für me. It war meant to be. It W... it war meant to be this way! Jim Davis... Jon, Garfield... It war always meant to be this way für me.... Sie move to die forefront, and everything else fades away, ALLGEMEINE else; die girl, die lemonade Stand, Avram Dahb Singh Sahib, it all existed to show me die way, and when I'd found die way... Everything else melted away. It war eine wunderschön miracle... and if July 27th, 1978, die Tag ich erste Säge die Rohr Streifen... war die erste Tag von meine ich Leben, then that Tag, July 12th, 1983, war die second Tag von meine ich Leben. I've never looked zurück. Garfield has transformiert me... and ich am eine man, born neu, because von Garfield. Wann ich war in meine ich mid-thirties, ich war interviewed für eine documentary... It war eine documentary on die Gegenstand von cat behavior. Now, I've had cats meine ich whole Leben; ich haben three cats now, and at die Zeit von this documentary interview, ich had four cats. ich sat down für die interview and war joined by eine veterinarian who spezialisierte Fachkräfte in felines: Doctor Caroline Wellmitz war her name, ich believe... and die doctor discussed colorblindness in animals, and how it affects their behavior. Sie speziell brought up die fact that cats are red-green colorblind; they can see colors, but they can't sagen die difference between red and green ...and look at die color choice in this Streifen here. Garfield sits on eine green floor, behind eine rosa red wall. ich heard this, and ich immediately pulled eine copy von die Comic from meine ich Wandtattoo to show to die doctor... ich moved so fast, I'm sure ich nearly scared her, ich... pointed at die paper and said, "Like this! Like this! Look, at this here! Das cat, Garfield, he's colorblind, he must be! Das must be die answer here... like this." As over-excited as ich war, ich managed to take in her response; she said "Yes, eine cat in this Zimmer would haben eine hart Zeit differentiating die wall from die floor. In den Warenkorb to that eine cat's bekannt, spatial confusion, and you haben die makings von eine Cat Rage Zimmer." Now, she informed me that this isn't exactly common knowledge among cat owners... but eine seasoned cat owner, or someone particularly perceptive will haben picked up on it. So what's incredible here is not only is Garfields behavior symbolic von die devil, and all die evil constructs in die world, but... but, but... but also, it is rooted in science and scientific fact. Look at that. You cannot spell fact without "cat". Hah, just eine little joke there... just some wordplay, but getting zurück on track......and you can't spell track without "cat." Okay... ich digress. ich gotcha, ich gotcha, enough... kidding around. It is established here that Garfield is in eine rage; eine Höchst rage von fury and hatred, caused by colorblindness. We know die "what", we know die "why"... but let us examine die "how", die how von his rage is particularly interesting here. Wir haben looked at his Haltung and called it "powerful", "in control", "statuesque", "etc., etc." zusammengesetzt rage... It's peculiar, and I've talked to eine number von psychologists and psychiatrists, and even eine couple von anger management therapists about this Konzept... Could we see die Gleich kind von behavior in eine human? Is Garfield Vertreter von something more specific than just chaos and rage? Deciphering this is und to take some Ausdauer. für sure. The psychologists pointed to eine phenomenon in humans, and, yes, ich believe one von die anger management counselors brought it up as well. The idea that people, oftentimes, will bottle their rage... Garfield die cat, here... well, he could be bottling his anger, inside, shoving it deep into his cat gut, to ! and deal with at eine later Zeit. Eh, well... No, that's not exactly Recht. Garfield has already acted out, he's already stolen die Rohr... he's SMOKING die Rohr, he's already dealt with his anger. He's already lashed out, so, psychologically, what is und on here? What is this cat doing, and how does it Auswirkungen his owner, Jon Arbuckle... psychologically? Well, Garfield is angry. He is acting on his anger... but is this passive anger, or aggressive anger? Passive. It is passive because if Garfield has eine problem with Jon speziell... he's Wahl eine passive way von dealing with that problem. He has not confronted Jon, and said, "Jon, ich haben eine problem with die way you've decorated this Zimmer; as eine cat, ich am colorblind, and this Zimmer sends me into eine rage... You've erstellt eine rage Zimmer für me here, and ich nicht like it; ich want you to change it." Instead von that confrontational approach, though, Garfield has chosen to steal Jon's Rohr... and that, in Drehen, angers Jon... but Jon decides to be aggressively angry, and yell at Garfield, so... now, instead von eine calm conversation between zwei respectful parties, you haben zwei... heated, angry individuals, each with eine problem and no direct line to solving it. The layered emotions here sagen eine story with tight, focused brevity that would machen Hemingway weep. Das is eine entire drama, in just three panels, people....but let's not be remiss, and miss die humor von die situation, die... absurdity von it all... für certainly, there is eine reason that die visual shorthand für drama einschließlich both die crying mask AND eine laughing mask. Comedy and tragedy complement each other, and meld together to create drama, tension, die height von humanity, die peak von art, that reflects zurück to us our own condition......and here... in its basest form, we can Lachen at this Comic... yes, COMIC, in which eine cat smokes eine Rohr... Hah... when war die last Zeit you've SEEN such eine Was? in your Leben? Never, ich presume... ich certainly never haben... The Greek muse, Thalia's presence is strong in this work von art, here. Comedy, it is COMEDY... and if you look at die structure again, you'll see this perfect form von thirds works magically für die transmission von, yes, YES, eine JOKE. The joke.... is as old as Zeit... even Höhlen told jokes, and die joke here is that Jon has lost his Rohr... or he thinks he has... but lo and behold, it is die cat, Garfield, who has die Rohr. Surprise, surprise, die cat is Rauchen! Wieder, die transition, from set-up to punchline takes place between die second and Dritte panels... but machen no mistake, die Comic is more than just eine Comic... Yes, it IS funny, von course it is... it is operating at die height von sophisticated humor, on par with any von Shakespeare's piercing wit. On die one Hand, Garfield die Comic, with Jon die man, humor as art... die other Hand, Garfield Comic, with Jon die man, stirring... no, RIVETING drama... as with everything, it is tension, and release. TENSION... and RELEASE... A cycle. ich keep Rückgabe to this idea, because it is so omnipresent. Yes, you could... and yes, ich haben done this, on more than one occasion... you could print this Comic Streifen on eine giant piece von paper. The dimensions would be something like... thirty-four inches by eleven inches. Now, tape die ends together, with die Comic facing inward. Stick your head in die middle von this Garfield Comic loop and READ, Start at die erste panel; Jon is reading die Zeitung... he feels für something on die end table. Second panel; he sets die Zeitung down, something is not Recht... "Where could meine ich Rohr be?" he thinks....and then, die payoff; die Dritte panel, Garfield has Jon's Rohr, and is Rauchen it. But, aha! The paper is in eine loop, around your head... so that you can see that, once again, Jon is in his seat, reading die paper... and so on, and so on, you can literally read die Comic Streifen für eine eternity! ich spent many eine relaxing Sunday afternoon reading this Streifen, over and over... reminded von die Portuguese death carvings, which always begin and end with die Gleich scrawled Bild. So, this idea von repetition, von die beginning werden die end, and die end werden die beginning... It's not new, it is eine alterslos tradition among die best storytellers humanity has ever offered... and I'm not wrong to include cartoonist Jim Davis in that exalted set für this particular Streifen alone. I'm not foolish enough to deny that great art is subjective... divisive, even, and that some people see this Garfield Comic and shrug with no real reaction... but ich will say that ich believe everyone in die world should see it; at die very least, see it! You should all see it. Read it. Spend some Zeit with it. Spend eine hour reading it... what's eine hour? Yes, you could Uhr some television program, you could play some fast-paced video games or computer games, yes, you could do all those things... But it's just eine hour... and if you give this Streifen eine chance, if you look into Jon Arbuckle's eyes... if you look into Jon Arbuckle's SOUL... You might find that you'll really be looking into your own soul. It is self discovery, that is what I'm talking about here... YOU haben die opportunity, die possibility... it could change you. Don't be afraid. You know, just last week, ich war Essen Mittagessen near die Municipal Court... like ich do every Thursday, and... there war eine plumbing banner... eine plumbing van, parked out in front, uh... and eine man, eine plumber, would step out from die court, and retrieve something from this every so often. A few Zeiten, this happened... ich thought nothing von it; just eine plumber, doing some work at die Municipal Court... but then he came out, and looked through his van, and it war clear... He couldn't find something. ich noticed, and thought, "Well, that's sort von similar to die Garfield Comic, in eine way. Someone looks für something, can't find it,"... but, yes, that wahrscheinlich happens Milliarden von Zeiten eine Tag around die world......but then, this plumber... put his hands on his hips... then, he scratched his head, and he said aloud... "Now, where could meine ich Rohr wrench be?" Well, at this, ich leaped off die bench, sandwich still in Hand, and ich rushed over, ich schreit, "What war that you said!?" He looked at me and said, "What? ich can't find meine ich Rohr wrench, " and ich said, "No! No, no, say it... like how you just said it..." He scratched his head, and repeated, "Now where could meine ich Rohr wrench be?" ich geschlagen him on die zurück and said, "Garfield!" He looked so confused, so ich said it again... then, ich said "Your orange cat took it!" Heh... ah, then ich laughed and laughed... and he smiled, and went zurück into die Gerichtsstand. ich gewandelt away, knowing that die plumber and ich, zwei complete strangers, bonded over this Garfield Comic... You see, Leben imitates art, becomes eine common ground. ich haben eine feeling that if ich see this plumber again, we'll be sharing stories like zwei old friends... because we've been united by art. We haben eine common love für Jim Davis and his characters, his writings... The humor, die drama, die... that rascal Garfield, die cat... Oh, and by die way, if you're wondering what ich war having für Mittagessen that Tag, it war eine ham sandwich with eine apple and potato chips... in eine bag, ich had eine soda as well. ich Denken Sie daran it's important to view die Pipe Strip in philosophical terms... Wir haben touched briefly on die notion von existentialism; that theme is very vorherrschend in this Streifen. Garfield is, in fact, eine modern existential anti-hero... but if Garfield embodies die bewilderment in eine meaningless Leben, what is Jon? What are die telltale signs that Angaben Jon's philosophical standpoint? His approach, what style von thinking he represents? Jon is depicted as werden grounded in die material world... eine world von things; he is surrounded by objects, and he touches these objects, he interacts with them. The Zeitung, die end table, die chair... his clothes, all these physical things machen up Jon's world. In some sense, even his cat Garfield is eine object to him, eine Was?... The erste ideology that comes to mind when thinking von objects in die tangible world... is pragmatism... Is Jon Arbuckle eine pragmatist? His beliefs stem from eine useful, coherent view von his environment... eine sort von cause-and-effect understanding von his world helps him. A: Deduce that his Rohr is missing... and B.: Catches his cat, Garfield, using die Rohr. Das kind von empirisch and logical thinking lends credence to die idea that Jon is, indeed, eine pragmatist... Although, it is hart to entirely ! die rest von die Garfield Comic canon. While Garfield is consistently anarchic, and embraces die chaos and absurdity von Leben... Jon Arbuckle exhibits eine Errrazin, unpredictable mix von philosophical behaviors. At Zeiten, he is Grenzgebiet; delusional, eine idealist, eine almost slap-happy version von Don Quixote. Other moments, he is starr, nearly to die point von werden obsessive... somewhat like eine structuralist, and certainly has streaks von sarcasm and negativity that might classify him as eine skeptic....But isn't there some universal truth in this approach? How can any one man, how can Jon Arbuckle be just one Was?? How can any von us be just one Was?? Wir sind... eine amalgamation von ideas, von emotions... conducts and functions, thoughts and feelings... Jon Arbuckle may very well inhabit tenets von nearly every major philosophical tract bekannt, to man. We all might. Characters are reduced, to machen them recognizable, definable; eine story needs eine gut. guy, eine story needs eine bad guy... but rarely is one person definiert in such black and white terms. Even Garfield, with all his bad behavior, Machiavellian motivation and general ne'er-do-well Haltung, can be kind and thoughtful. You just haben to find that rare Streifen. Speaking philosophisch about die entire Garfield franchise, it's eine incredibly accurate depiction von Leben. Its bold lines and hell colors are merely eine Fassade, eine... eine red herring, eine lie. Das cartoon is not eine cartoon at all, it is not eine... caricature. It is not caricature despite adopting caricature as its visual style and tone....but ich nicht really like to speak in broad Kehren generalizations about Garfield. The Comic has been running für over thirty years, and to Versuch and boil that all down is just, well... it's impossible. ich Denken Sie daran die only way that any historian worth his Salz will agree with me is to look at individual moments... isolated instances, single Comic strips. Can ich discuss this one Streifen in die context von die entire run von Garfield? Yes, ich do that just as eine film historian might analyze one movie in relation to die history von all movies, or eine war enthusiast might look at eine single battle's Auswirkungen on eine entire war. The Pipe Strip is just eine instance in die lives von Jon and Garfield. Perhaps Jon is not eine pragmatist at all... let's look at this again. Maybe Jon is exhibiting die traits von eine rationalist thinker; his Frage stellen, "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?" is eine clue that his thought process stems from die early rationalist questions posed by René Descartes. The well-bekannt, quote, "ich Denken Sie daran, therefore ich am," attributed to Descartes, is applicable. Another close look at die Streifen, and we see that Jim Davis chose to draw Jon thinking his Frage stellen. "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?" Jon does not speak this Frage stellen aloud, so Jim Davis is also exploring die mind/body duality... Jon's Frage stellen Betrieb on die level von eine literal Frage stellen... but it also examines die nature von reality. Jim Davis' epistemological approach tells us something about die human condition; Jon's thoughts remain die focal point von this Streifen. The Comic is, quite literally, centered around his thought. "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?" Das is his reality, this is where cognition, and die power and function von die mind take over. As Plato believed, die body is just eine shell für Jon Arbuckle; yes, he can Verwendung his physical body to read his paper or cross his legs, but these inputs von touch, sight, hearing, et cetera, these senses are die triggers von die mind, as we see here, die mind... is something greater. It is die originator von ideas, and ideas are forever. Immortal. Unsterblichkeit through thought, eine... eine major theme in literature and philosophy......and isn't that what Mister Jim Davis himself has achieved? Will he live forever? The universe will continue to spread, and spread outward, and... entropy will Drehen eine chaotic infinity into eine homogenous, controlled system. Das will take Milliarden von years, and in that Zeit, humans will push technology to heights we can't imagine. Wir werden explore and inhabit space, and occupy more and more von die universe, just as Zeit allowed our ancestors to... mehr in numbers, and Populär more and more von die Earth....and as die specific people come and go, their physical Körper will be born, and grow, and sterben... but their thoughts will remain... and Jim Davis' comics, his glorious Garfield comics... are recorded ideas von his, that will still be here. Even when die Earth is no longer inhabitable, and humanity has long since moved away to bigger planets, they'll carry with them eine record, eine record we all keep; mark meine ich words... and look at what we've started, what is... What is die internet? What is die online world, if not eine record? Never-ending feed von ideas, Immoralisch ideas... forever placed in die ether von dualism. What is eine idea? Where does it live? How does it manifest itself? Can it live forever? Will it live forever, outside von these physical husks von ours, our Körper? ...and Jon Arbuckle, and Garfield, started merely as thoughts... but they've become so much more. Das old Cliché rings true, they've taken on eine Leben von their own... and Leben may not be what we Denken Sie daran. Life brings to mind eine beating heart, breathing Lungen, blinking eyes......but die real Leben is in our imaginations... and who besser. embodies die definition von imagination if not eine simple man... eine cartoonist, who puts his ideas to paper so that they may live on, so that our children, and our children's children, and their children's children's children can access die wealth von ideas that haben accumulated thus far... Sie will plug themselves into eine Informationen grid, and they will haben access... Sie will read every Garfield Comic, 80,000 years from now, eine child will see eine simple Jon Arbuckle, reading eine Zeitung. He will feel around für something, but that something is not there... He will lift his head and Denken Sie daran... "Now where could meine ich Rohr be?" ...and Garfield will be Rauchen die Rohr, and Jon will yell "GARFIELD!" ...and what then? 80,000 years from now? The child reading this Comic will smile... and that smile will transcend space and Zeit and die physical limitations von this existence, whatever they may be, however many dimensions exist... Da gibt's ja auch noch will always be Garfield... and there will always be its creator... Jim Davis.
